Ethan Gongora
03/23/25
Recruitment Manager
CD Projekt Red
Warsaw, Poland

Subject: Application for a AI Programmer Internship

Dear Recruitment Manager,

Passionate about the intersection of technology and storytelling, I am excited to apply for a Junior 3C's Gameplay Programmer Internship at CD Projekt Red. With a strong foundation in game development and a passion for pushing creative boundaries, I am eager to contribute to your team and participate to the studio’s AI system. 

During my studies at ESMA, where I completed a three-year Game Conception diploma, I worked on projects such as Nova, a Third-Person Contemplative game, made using Unreal Engine 5 using only C++, Ravenous, a First Person Horror game delivered with Unreal Engine 5 in Blueprint, and GOOMS, a 2D Platformer made with Unity in C#. These experiences allowed me to deepen my expertise in gameplay programming, AI behavior development, Game Systems, Data Management and collaborative problem-solving within multidisciplinary teams. 
Also, my background in animation, and rigging further complements my programming skills, allowing me to understand and align technical solutions with artistic visions. 

CD Projekt Red’s aim of crafting rich worlds and technically innovative experiences like The Witcher or Cyberpunk 2077 motivates me. The opportunity to contribute to the evolution of your game such as AI engine-enhancing NPC behaviors, and gameplay decision-making systems with my goals. Collaborating closely with level designers, animators, and R&D experts to handle complex challenges excites me as a learner and a gameplay programmer. 

Additionally, as a native French speaker proficient in English, I can communicate effectively in professional environments. Joining CD Projekt Red represents a unique opportunity to contribute to ambitious AAA projects while growing within a team renowned for its excellence, dedication and ambition. I am confident that my willingness to learn, creativity, and technical skills make me a good candidate for this role.

Thank you for considering my application. I'm available for an internship starting in July 2025 for a duration of 2 to 6 months. I have attached my CV and Portfolio for your review and would be delighted to discuss how my background and ambitions align with CD Projekt Red’s vision.

I look forward to your response.

Sincerely,
Ethan Gongora
References are available upon request.